
--Default_v5_REAPER_theme--

This set is from HOWT's v5 theme and is an example
of what your composited 'core' icon set will be like
when finished. 

You can use the content of this folder to borrow from,
use the 'toolbar_blank' and 'composite_toolbar_overlay'
images as templates by importing them into your image
editing program as a base layer, and building on top of them,
or simply use the contents of this folder as a referendum when
building your 'core' set.

Most themes to date do not have a 100% complete set, due in part
to the fact that v5 changed alot in terms of capability & content,
and due also to the fact that the standard by which themes should
now, and in the future follow, is a tremendous departure from previous
versions, thanks to the new v5 default theme, which is a flagship
for the v5 WALTER standard. 

Additionally, there is no definative source for an uncomposited
stock set of toolbar icons that is 100% complete, leaving some
work for you, the end-user...that is, of course, if you would like
to build your own theme, while keeping all of the elements 
graphically cohesive.

There are, however alot of illustrations that have been created by
REAPER users, such as myself, and others, who recognize the need
for extended content in this area. Most of these icon sets though,
are created in image software, flattened, and then offered as 
composed icon buttons - fitting the style of the creator's theme,
or designed to their personal taste. While these offerings are
no doubt appreciated, they do not help much in the way of future
development across many different types of styles.

That's where this pack comes in. I have taken all of the uncomposited,
bare-bones glyphs that I can find, whether they be in a sliced-button
format, and ready-to-go, or a single illustration or 'shape' as HOWT
calls it. In this pack are all kinds of icon 'shapes', for all
kinds of different applications, in color, gray, black, white, -
(Standard and Inverted, or Mask) styles, with credits where possible.
This resource should give you enough to pull from to make a 
quality set of sleek-looking icons for your theme --

That actually match the style of your theme!!

This is your starting point. Put together your version of these
'core' 38 icons as I call them, and then it's all downhill from here.

For more on naming conventions used in this pkg, see 
'Assembling your own icon set - A brief tutorial for beginners'
text file located in the root of this pkg.

Best,
Never